White label (#1664)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/knowledge-white-label/white-label-scripts.md

{{< /tabpane >}}

> ## Adding clients environment variables
> During the white-label build, Codemagic uses the targeted client data to set or replace some values from the base code and to sign and publish the final app to the stores.
> 
> Each client should have an environment variables group by his name. To add these values you can either use the [Codemagic UI](https://docs.codemagic.io/yaml-basic-configuration/configuring-environment-variables/#configuring-environment-variables) or use the Codemagic REST API to do it if you have a huge number of customers.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding clients' environment variables
During the white-label build, Codemagic uses client-specific data to set or replace various values in the base code and to sign and publish the app to the stores. 

You should create a uniquely named environment variable group for each of your customers that contains secure environment variables for items such as certificates, profiles, API keys, or other customer-specific credentials.

To add these values you can either use the [Codemagic UI](https://docs.codemagic.io/yaml-basic-configuration/configuring-environment-variables/#configuring-environment-variables) or use the Codemagic REST API to add these groups and values programmatically, which could be advantageous if you have a large number of customers or wish to add these values from your own backend system or customer dashboard.

```

## Triggering builds with the Codemagic REST API

> The Codemagic REST API is used in a white-label workflow to trigger builds for each unique client version you need to build. When triggering a build, you can pass environment variables that identify a specific client so their unique assets can be downloaded and used for the build, and the unique client environment group name that holds all the client secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Codemagic REST API is used in a white-label workflow to trigger builds for each unique client version you need to build. When triggering a build, you can pass environment variables in the API request's payload that identify a specific client so their unique assets can be downloaded and used for the build, and the unique client environment group name that holds all the client secrets.
```
